---
date: '2019-09-12T17:00:00.000Z'
link: 'https://www.meetup.com/dresdenjs-io-javascript-user-group/events/wwdfrqyzmbqb/'
location: 'Hermann-Mende-Straße 4, Dresden'
title: '48. JavaScript MeetUp: Reactivity is Fun! and Let''s Work out!'
locked: false
---
Diesmal mit den tollen \~reaktionären\~ reaktiven Themen:  
\* "A brief history of Reactivity on the Web" von Christian Ulbrich (Zalari GmbH)  
\* "Node worker threads" von Vilva Athiban

(scroll down for English version)

Christian wird uns auf eine kleine Reise zur Reaktivität im Web mitnehmen. Warum React und Angular schlechte Frameworks sind, Svelte auch nicht besser ist und wie man einen HyperApp-Klon ja auch in 48 Zeilen Code selber schreiben kann!

Darüberhinaus haben wir mit Vilva Athiban einen Freelancer aus Berlin zu Gast, der uns Spannendes zu Node Worker Threads erzählt!

\--

We are happy to invite you to an evening full of JavaScript. This time with quite a good mixture between frontend and backend topics:

\* "A brief history of Reactivity on the Web" by Christian Ulbrich (Zalari GmbH)  
\* "Worker Threads: The Bigger, The Better" by Vilva Athiban (Omio)

Christian will talk about reactivity on the web and bets that he can write a HyperApp clone in 48 lines or sass.

Vilva is a JavaScript Developer and GraphQL enthusiast working for Omio and will explain about the existing Node JS structure, need for multiple process and how Worker threads comes to rescue.  
He will show us the steps to implement worker threads. A tech talk without code is no fun and hence he will show a code demo and performance comparisons of using Worker threads after the explanations.
