---
date: '2023-06-08T17:00:00.000Z'
link: 'https://www.meetup.com/dresdenjs-io-javascript-user-group/events/293638052'
location: 'Hermann-Mende-Straße 4, Dresden'
title: 'DresdenJS lädt ein: PHPUG Dresden'
locked: false
---
Hell froze over, oder jetzt veranstaltet zusammen, was sonst überhaupt gar nicht zusammen gehört - DresdenJS freut sich in diesem Monat zusammen mit der PHPUG Dresden euch zwei spannende Vorträge zu präsentieren: * “Building Sustainable Web Applications: Implementing Hexagonal and Layered Architectures in PHP and React” - Ralf Junghanns (MPowr.it) * "Flash in aktuellen Browsern verwenden, naja fast!" - Christian Ulbrich (Zalari GmbH) Ralf fasst sich kurz: In the ever-evolving landscape of web application development, building sustainable and robust applications is crucial. This talk explores the implementation of hexagonal and layered architectures in PHP and React, presenting a practical approach to building enterprise web applications which are easy to adapt and maintain. Hexagonal architecture, also known as ports and adapters architecture, focuses on decoupling the application’s core logic from external dependencies. By employing hexagonal architecture principles, developers can achieve improved testability, maintainability, and scalability. Layered architecture, on the other hand, promotes the separation of concerns by organizing application components into logical layers. This architectural style enables better code organization and modularity, leading to improved code quality and maintainability. By demonstrating real-world examples, this session illustrates how layered architecture can be implemented effectively in React applications, enabling developers to build scalable and maintainable web applications. Throughout the talk, attendees will gain practical insights and best practices for implementing hexagonal and layered architectures in PHP and React. Ralf will share code examples, tips, and techniques, providing attendees with actionable knowledge to apply in their own projects. Christian sagt: Flash ist tot, denken die meisten, aber mit genügend Energie, läuft es noch das alte Flash-Projekt oder wir versuchen es mal mit openfl + haxelib wenigstens, das ist aber nur die *onfitüre* (sic!) Overtüre zu einigen Reflektionen über all die schönen Legacy-Anwendungen und wie man die noch am Leben erhalten kann, oder aber warum früher nicht alles älter war!
